[Music]
ladies and gentlemen I think you've all
heard about the man who actually paid a
million dollars for a movie story his
name of course Samuel Goldwyn and the
story he bought was Guys and Dolls now
because I felt that this was the
greatest musical I'd ever seen
I actually made for flying trips to the
Pacific coast to film excerpts of the
show for my Sunday night TV er over the
CBS network and it is my idea of a
wonderful picture now incidentally that
million dollar check that Sam wrote was
only a starter before he was through
Guys and Dolls had cost him five and a
half million dollars and in Runyon's
language that is a lot of lettuce now
what a Sam Goldwyn get for it well among
other things he got Damon Runyon 'he's
world of fabulous characters the jails
must be empty tonight can anybody be
missing but Terry the horse liver lips
Louie Angie the Ox Society Max and here
is a face for which I cannot supply a
name may I ask where you come from is
Cicero will annoys and what is your
occupation there on the Scoutmaster
Marlon Brando never danced or synote in
his life until he met Gould
but he sings any dances and Guys and
Dolls and he'll fracture you Jean
Simmons to was a dramatic star not a
singer but as sister Sarah of the
mission doll she's adorable and her
singing voice is terrific
together these two generate excitement
that's electric let me show you what I
mean would you be open to a proposition
I've had those No don't flatter yourself
I'm talking business I am in a position
to supply you with the raw material you
need for your work namely simmons-howe
Frank Sinatra has amazed the
entertainment world with his dramatic
prowess now to prove he's still the top
song interpreter here he is as Nathan
Detroit
[Music]
ever-lovin is taken a chair
you're at it again you're running the
game I'm not gonna play second fiddle to
that I'm sick and I'm tired of starting
a round of telling it on the widow when
I think of the time made a delay delay I
could honestly
[Music]
Vivian Blaine was a comedy sensation and
the original cast
she's even funnier in the picture with
four great stars like these Goldwyn
needed a writer and a director just as
big he bound both these talents in
four-time Academy Award winner Joseph L
mankiewicz the result is sheer greatness
one short scene will show you what Joe
magnets can do with a few simple words
whatever you do wherever you go wise I
want to be with you the world's full of
souls closer to salvation in mine
anytime easier to save much more was
saving you
the music of Frank Loesser is always a
part of the story
Michael kids imaginative dance direction
even topped the exciting job he didn't
Seven Brides for Seven Brothers now he
has the Golden Girls to work with of all
the grand entertainment ever produced by
Samuel Goldwyn an Academy Award winner
himself this is his best with a Schumer
and drama its songs its beauty no
musical ever made can compare to Guys
and Dolls
and with stars like Marlon Brando gene
Simmons
Frank Sinatra Vivian Blaine and a cast
of hundreds in CinemaScope and color the
toast to the town predicts that Guys and
Dolls will be the toast of the world
[Applause]
[Music]
you